Jeanne M. Pindar
4 Page Lane, Hampton Beach NH
603-205-2159
work@jpindar.com

EMPLOYMENT

TelGaAs Inc.  (as contractor) Jun 2017 - Aug 2018
microwave equipment manufacturer
Designed digital circuits; drew schematics and laid out PCBs, wrote firmware

SimWave RF & Microwave Design (now part of TelGaAs Inc.)     Mar 2015 - May 2017
microwave equipment manufacturer
Designed and programmed microcontroller boards, drew schematics and laid out PCBs,
specified and purchased electronic components, circuit boards and subassemblies,
built prototypes, tested active microwave filter and switching circuits

Bartley Machine Co. Amesbury MA     Nov. 2006 - Jan. 2015
Active RF filter manufacturer
Designed digital circuits including microcontroller boards,
designed Microchip PIC processor based embedded systems and wrote firmware in C,
drew schematics and laid out PCBs, 
specified and purchased electronic components, circuit boards and subassemblies,
built prototypes and test fixtures, 
tested active microwave devices;
wrote ATE and other desktop software to control products and instrumentation

Marine MD, Merrimack NH    Apr. 2005 - May 2006
Small boat repair startup
Installed marine electronics such as radios and antennas; rewired electrical circuits; performed engine repair and maintenance

Micronetics Inc., Hudson NH (now part of Mercury Systems)  Jun. 1999 - Apr. 2005
Manufacturer of microwave signal processing devices
Designed, programmed, and implemented instrument control systems using PC's, embedded 
computers, and various GPIB and serial instrumentation;
tested and calibrated active microwave devices using network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, power meters and other instruments;
wrote firmware (in C and assembler) used in microcontroller based products;
wrote desktop software in Pascal and Visual Basic, ported software from HP Basic and other obsolete languages,
wrote Acceptance Test Procedures;

American Fibertek Inc., Somerset NJ	Feb. 1994 - Jun. 1999
Manufacturer of fiber optic video and data transmission systems
performed testing, tuning, component level troubleshooting and repair of transceiver circuits including fm modulators and demodulators, video amplifiers, and laser diode drivers;
installed and polished optical connectors

Vectronics Microwave Corporation, Middlesex NJ (now part of Mercury Systems)  Aug. 1985 - Mar. 1993
Manufacturer of custom mil-spec microwave signal processing devices
Designed, programmed, and implemented ATE systems using PC's, Hewlett Packard computers, and various HPIB and analog instruments;
tested and calibrated active microwave devices using network and spectrum analyzers, oscilloscopes, and other instruments;
designed, prototyped, tested and performed component level repair of various digital and analog circuits such as interfaces (IEEE-488, RS-232-C, etc.), amplifiers, and voltage controlled oscillators;
designed and wrote software for Basic Stamp based devices,
wrote engineering software in various languages;
created CAD drawings;
built phase-matched semirigid coaxial cables

GMI Electronics Inc., Plainfield NJ	Jan. 1985 - Aug. 1985
Electronics manufacturer
Managed a multi-user UNIX-based minicomputer system;
installed and configured terminals, printers, and cabling;
created database programs using dBase II

Conolog Corporation, Branchburg NJ	Jan. 1984 - Dec. 1984
Manufacturer of RF modules for military communications
Tested and tuned filters and other LCR networks;
built test fixtures;
programmed Hewlett Packard microcomputers (using HPL and HPIL) to control network analyzers and other instruments

EDUCATION

Trenton State College, Trenton NJ, majored in Physics
University of Scranton, Scranton PA, majored in Engineering Science
